# 04 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe one challenge your team experienced working on the GitHub activity.

All of us work with git in our daily job/activities, so there weren't very many issues we ran into.

2. What are the advantages to using a version control system like git?

Being able to more effectively work with a team, to share only the files that need to be shared (not compile files, etc), and being able to keep track of various changes that have been made to the code base.

3. What is the difference between git and GitHub?

git is the language/method, GitHub is a cloud storage provider for your code that uses git.

4. What is the purpose of branching in git?

So you can make changes to the code base without making a change to the master branch. Then if you have multiple people working on a project they can each make a branch and push to that branch and then all merge together when the project is complete.

5. Imagine you're working as a software developer for someone who doesn't have any experience with programming. How would you describe version control and git to your employer?

Version control allows you to keep better track of the changes made to your program. Git is the method used to keep track of those changes.

6. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?

I don't ahve any additional questions

7. A common git-related interview question is "How do you revert a commit that has already been pushed and made public?". How would you answer that question?

There are a couple of ways to do that, but I feel the best way is to rebase or cherry pick the commit that happened before the commit you want. 

8. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?

My team was a great resource this week. They all have quite a bit of experience and any questions that I had were quickly answered with a slack message.

9. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?

I felt like the tutorials were a bit long, but I have had previous experience with git.

10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

04 Prepare - 1 1/2 hours
04 Teach - 1 hour
04 Prove - 2 1/2 hours
04 Ponder - 2 hours
----------------------------
Total Hours - 7 hours
