# 08 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. What is the purpose of a unit test?

to make sure individual methods/code chunks are working as they would be expected to in one or more scenarios. 

2. What are the pros and cons of Test Driven Development?

Pros:
	There should be less bugs, since you're creating test scenarios before creating code
	there is a clearly defined way to do it
	There is a clearly defined end goal (your code is complete when you pass all test)
Cons:
	More up front work to get code up and running
	There isn't always a way to test code easily, making the functions quite cumbersome
	

3. How are assert statements used by JUnit for unit testing?

they determine the pass/fail of the unit test.

4. A common design-pattern interview question is "Describe a situation where you would use the Observer pattern.". How would you answer that question?

Any time that you have something that needs to react to a state change, an Observer pattern is worth considering.

5. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?

I found the time I spent doing the team work the most helpful this week.

6. Of all of the resources and tutorials in this week's assignments, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?

There wasn't anything that really stood out as overly unhelpful this week.

7. How would you say your team project is proceeding so far?

So far I think it's coming along well. I feel like there may be some roadblocks that are coming up, but I still feel like we'll be able to hit our deadlines.

8. Did anyone on your team have any violations/infractions of the Team Agreement this week? If so, were the punishments enforced?

No one had any violations.

9. Are there any concerns regarding your project or your team that you want the teacher to know about?

There aren't.

10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?



08 Prepare - 2
08 Teach - 1
08 Prove - 1
08 Ponder - 1
08 Team Project - 2 
----------------------------
Total Hours - 8

