Hey everybody! I hope you all are having a wonderful second week of classes! But, if you're anything like me it's probably a little overwhelming, and you might have even thought of dropping a class to make it a little easier which would delay your graduation a bit (again, like me). It's around this time of the semester that I'm reminded of Elder Hollands talk, "An High Priest of Good Things to Come". That is the talk that the Mormon Message, "Good Things to Come" is taken from if you've seen it. In that talk, he tells a story about from a bit earlier in his life when his car broke down multiple times when he was trying to move across the country. he tells it way better then I do so if you haven't seen it I strongly recommend at least watching the Mormon message (linked below). Near the end, he talks about how he recently drove down the road that he had so much trouble on, and remembers that day. He says:

"Just two weeks ago this weekend, I drove by that exact spot where the freeway turnoff leads to a frontage road, just three miles or so west of Kanarraville, Utah. That same beautiful and loyal wife, my dearest friend and greatest supporter for all these years, was curled up asleep in the seat beside me. The two children in the story, and the little brother who later joined them, have long since grown up and served missions, married perfectly, and are now raising children of their own. The automobile we were driving this time was modest but very pleasant and very safe. In fact, except for me and my lovely Pat situated so peacefully at my side, nothing of that moment two weeks ago was even remotely like the distressing circumstances of three decades earlier.

Yet in my mind’s eye, for just an instant, I thought perhaps I saw on that side road an old car with a devoted young wife and two little children making the best of a bad situation there. Just ahead of them I imagined that I saw a young fellow walking toward Kanarraville, with plenty of distance still ahead of him. His shoulders seemed to be slumping a little, the weight of a young father’s fear evident in his pace. In the scriptural phrase his hands did seem to “hang down.” In that imaginary instant, I couldn’t help calling out to him: “Don’t give up, boy. Don’t you quit. You keep walking. You keep trying. There is help and happiness ahead—a lot of it—30 years of it now, and still counting. You keep your chin up. It will be all right in the end. Trust God and believe in good things to come.”"

For me, it's really important to keep the future in mind going through college with a wife and two kids to support. It can be pretty rough working on classwork from the time your kids go to bed to 1 AM to get your assignments done. But, I'm doing this for a better future and if you're here taking classes, I'm betting you are too. So when things get a little hard this semester, or even if they are already feeling that way just remember why you're doing what you're doing, remember all the people in your life that are there to support you and perhaps most important: remember that Christ knows even the frustration you feel when your code isn't working, and you can always turn to him. Even if you feel a little silly talking about code in prayer. :) 

For the full talk: https://www.lds.org/general-conference/1999/10/an-high-priest-of-good-things-to-come?lang=eng

Or the Mormon Message: https://www.lds.org/media-library/video/2010-05-12-good-things-to-come?lang=eng